https://booking.tauzia.com/

TAUZIA Hotels

+62 21 2902 6855  myprivilege@tauzia.com

Hotel Gallery

Are you a member of My TAUZIA Privilege?   Sign In For Exclusive Member Benefits

-  TAUZIA Hotels
-  Room & Rate
-  Information
-  Done

AUDCNYIDRJPYMYRSGDTHBUSD

Your Stay

Date

Nov 9  Nov 10

Room(s)

1

Adult(s)

2

Destination
Destination JakartaBogorBekasiBandungMalangBatamBaliSoloSurabayaYogyakartaPontianakTangerangLampungSamarindaSemarangBanjarmasinPekanbaruMelaka, MalaysiaCyberjaya, MalaysiaBangka BelitungMakassarJayapura
Hotel
Hotel FOX HARRIS Hotel City Center - BandungFOX HARRIS Hotel Pangkalpinang BangkaFOX Hotel JayapuraFOX Hotel Jimbaran Beach - BaliFOX Hotel PekanbaruFOX Lite Hotel DPulze - Cyberjaya FOX Lite Hotel Metro Indah - BandungFOX Lite Royal Bay MakassarHARRIS Hotel & Conventions BekasiHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bundaran Satelit SurabayaHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Ciumbuleuit - BandungHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Denpasar - BaliHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Festival Citylink - BandungHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Gubeng - SurabayaHARRIS Hotel & Conventions Kelapa Gading - JakartaHARRIS Hotel & Conventions MalangHARRIS Hotel & Conventions SoloHARRIS Hotel & Residences Sunset Road - BaliHARRIS Hotel Batam Center - BatamHARRIS Hotel Kuta Galleria - BaliHARRIS Hotel PontianakHARRIS Hotel SamarindaHARRIS Hotel Seminyak - BaliHARRIS Hotel Sentraland SemarangHARRIS Hotel Sentul City - BogorHARRIS Hotel Tebet - JakartaHARRIS Hotel Tuban - BaliHARRIS Resort Barelang BatamHARRIS Resort Batam WaterfrontHARRIS Suites fX Sudirman - JakartaHARRIS Suites Puri Mansion JakartaHARRIS Vertu Hotel HarmoniHotel & Residences Riverview Kuta- Bali (Associated HARRIS)Liu Men Melaka - By PréférenceMaison Aurelia Sanur, Bali - By Préférence Pesona Alam Resort & SpaPOP! Hotel Airport JakartaPOP! Hotel BanjarmasinPOP! Hotel BSD City - TangerangPOP! Hotel Denpasar - BaliPOP! Hotel DiponegoroPOP! Hotel Festival Citylink - BandungPOP! Hotel Gubeng - SurabayaPOP! Hotel Kelapa Gading - JakartaPOP! Hotel Kemang - JakartaPOP! Hotel Kuta Beach - BaliPOP! Hotel Malioboro YogyakartaPOP! Hotel Nusa Dua BaliPOP! Hotel Pasar Baru Jakarta POP! Hotel Pemuda SemarangPOP! Hotel Sangaji YogyakartaPOP! Hotel SoloPOP! Hotel Stasiun KotaPOP! Hotel Tanjung Karang - LampungPOP! Hotel Tebet POP! Hotel Teuku Umar Denpasar - BaliPOP! Hotel Timoho YogyakartaSolo Paragon Hotel & ResidencesThe Tamarind Resort Nusa Lembongan, Bali - By Préférence The Wujil Resort & Conventions, Ungaran - SemarangYELLO Hotel HarmoniYELLO Hotel Jemursari - SurabayaYELLO Hotel ManggaraiYELLO Hotel Paskal Bandung
Arrival

Departure

Room(s)

Adult(s)

Promo Code

Check Availability

Amend/Cancel Reservation

-  FOX HARRIS  Hotel City Center - Bandung

FOX HARRIS Hotel City Center - Bandung

Jalan Jawa No. 3 Bandung 40117
022-86012600
rm-foxharris-bandungcc@tauzia.com

Fox Harris Hotels is an extension of the HARRIS Family, with simple and adaptable interior design. Enhancing the network with an individual hotel with distinctive elements of personality but still attached to HARRIS, FOX HARRIS is a contemporary re-imagining of the “A Moment in Life”.
The Newly brand Fox Harris Hotels City Center Bandung has superb location right in the heart of the city and is only 6 minutes from Bandung Station Hall, 15 minutes from Husein Sastranegara Bandung Airport, close to big shopping malls such as Bandung Indah Plaza Mall, Bandung city hall and is only minutes away from Braga and Asia Afrika Street. By entering this hotel area you will immediately sense A vibrant and sociable hotel with adaptable design Arctic Sky Lounge and Rooftop Pool at Fox Harris Hotel City CenterBandung.

Book Now
-  FOX HARRIS Hotel Pangkalpinang Bangka

FOX HARRIS Hotel Pangkalpinang Bangka

Jl. Soekarno Hatta No.Km 3, Kota Pangkal Pinang, Kepulauan Bangka Belitung 33684
0717-910 9699
reservation-fox-pangkalpinang@tauzia.com

Situated in Pangkalpinang, FOX HARRIS Hotel Pangkalpinang Bangka has a garden. Among the facilities of this property are a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk and room service, along with free WiFi throughout the property. The accommodation features karaoke and a kids' club.

Book Now
-  FOX Hotel Jayapura

FOX Hotel Jayapura

Jl. Dr. Soetomo No. 16 Kec. Jayapura Utara, Jayapura, Papua 99111
tel:

Located in a prime location of Jalan Dr. Soetomo 16, FOX Hotel Jayapura offers modern and chic accommodation with 113 stylish guest rooms and Cendrawasih Sky Bar & Lounge. With generous room sizes and comfortable amenities, the hotel provides the best experiences for both leisure or business trips. FOX Hotel Jayapura is designed to exceed the expectations of every guest. Fully equipped with the best facilities such as in-room entertainment (LED TV's, WiFi connection, local and international channels, etc.), infinity swimming pool, meeting rooms, and many more.The hotel is also surrounded by endless options of shopping, landmarks, and eateries center. Approximately only 10-min away to business districts and shopping malls, minutes away to a popular spot Jayapura City Tower, 30-min away from Holtekamp Bridge, and only 45-min away from International Sentani airport.

Book Now
-  FOX Hotel Jimbaran Beach - Bali

FOX Hotel Jimbaran Beach - Bali

Jl. Yoga Perkanthi No 3 Jimbaran, 80361 Bali
(0361) 4725688
res-fox-jimbaranbeach@tauzia.com

FOX Jimbaran Beach Bali is a 4-star hotel, located in the exclusive area of Jimbaran, only 20 minutes drive from Ngurah Rai International Airport and 25 minutes to Kuta area. It’s a short drive to Nusa Dua, easy access to Bali tourist attractions, such as Garuda Wisnu Kencana, Dream Land Beach, Pandawa Beach and very well known as a famous seafood area in Bali.

Featuring an outdoor rooftop infinity pool, FOX Jimbaran Beach Bali is located within walking distance from the white sandy coastlines of Jimbaran Beach and offers a modern stylish accommodation and free Wi-Fi access.

Book Now
-  FOX Hotel Pekanbaru

FOX Hotel Pekanbaru

Jalan Riau 147
0761-7415999
res1-fox-pekanbaru@tauzia.com

FOX Hotel Pekanbaru is a midscale hotel located in Jl Riau within the exclusive area of Senapelan. Only 30 minutes drive from Sultan Syarif Kasim II Airport it has direct access to Sadira Plaza Pekanbaru and nearby the renowned Leighton Bridge, Rumbai.

FOX Hotel Pekanbaru with its tagline 'A moment in life' is for modern business and leisure travelers who are seeking a different experience. It features 222 rooms, gym, spa, restaurant and an indoor rooftop sky pool - the highest in Pekanbaru with an exceptional gorgeous view.

Book Now
-  FOX Lite Hotel DPulze - Cyberjaya

FOX Lite Hotel DPulze - Cyberjaya

Lingkaran Cyber Point Timur, Cyber 12, 63000 Cyberjaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
+603-83209920
reservation-foxlite-cyberjaya@tauzia.com

Fox Lite Hotel DPulze Cyberjaya is a chic lifestyle hotel conveniently located in Cyberjaya, a city of innovation & technology revolutions. Housed within an integrated commercial and lifestyle development, the hotel is well situated adjacently to DPulze Cyberjaya Shopping Mall, which is the biggest mall in the vicinity. The 10-storey Fox Lite Hotel DPulze Cyberjaya features 162 contemporary rooms which combines elegance and style to create a modern hotel for both leisure and business travellers.

Book Now
-  FOX Lite Hotel Metro Indah - Bandung

FOX Lite Hotel Metro Indah - Bandung

Metro Indah Mall Jalan Soekarno Hatta No 590
+6222-7535808
Info-foxlite-metroindah@tauzia.com WA: +62 821-2644-0558

An ideal choice for business and leisure. Conveniently located in prime area of East Bandung in Jalan Soekarno - Hatta. Integrated with Metro Indah Mall Complex including shopping mall, business and culinary area, 3 km from Trans Studio Bandung. With easy access from Buah Batu toll road exit, around 5 km from downtown and 10 km from Husein Sastranegara airport.

Book Now
-  FOX Lite Royal Bay Makassar

FOX Lite Royal Bay Makassar

Jl. Sultan Hasanuddin No.24, Baru, Kec. Ujung Pandang, Kota Makassar, Sulawesi Selatan 90111
(0411) 3690999
res-foxlite-royalbay@tauzia.com

Located at Jalan Sultan Hasanuddin, FOX Lite Royal Bay Makassar offering easy access to Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport and other notable local attractions such as the famous Losari Beach (only 10-min walk from the hotel), shopping centers, and many businesses district. The hotel featured 186 rooms and suites with a modern and stylish design interior. The facilities include a swimming pool and a restaurant. FOX Lite Royal Bay Makassar is the perfect choice for leisure and business travelers to stay in one of the busiest cities in Sulawesi.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bekasi

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bekasi

Jl. Raya Bulevard Ahmad Yani Blok.M, Bekasi 17142
+62 21 2851 9080
reservation-harris-bekasi@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bekasi is located in Summarecon Bekasi Area, called "The New Modern City". It is a strategic location for both business and leisure travellers with direct walking access to Summarecon Mall Bekasi with more than 200 shops. The conventions center has more thank 3000 sqm of meetings and exhibitions facilities divided into 12 meeting rooms. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bundaran Satelit Surabaya

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bundaran Satelit Surabaya

Jalan HR. Muhammad No. 2A Surabaya, Indonesia
+6231-99149199
res-harris-bundaransatelit@tauzia.com

Strategically located in West Surabaya only minutes away from Ciputra World Mall and Pakuwon Mall, the biggest Shopping Center in Surabaya.

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Bundaran Satelit Surabaya is an upscale lifestyle property offering the new HARRIS Generation concept to his visitors.
It is the ideal place for Meeting, Weddings and Business Trips .

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Ciumbuleuit - Bandung

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Ciumbuleuit - Bandung

Jl. Ciumbuleuit No. 50-58, Bandung 40141
+62 22 82068222
reservation-harris-ciumbuleuit@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Ciumbuleuit Bandung is located in north Bandung, only 30 minutes from the Husein Sastranegara International Airport and 15 minutes from Bandung Train Station. Adjacent to the famous Parahyangan University, the hotel's location provides convenient access to the legendary Jalan Cihampelas and Dago shopping areas, Cihampelas Walk shopping mall and Rumah Mode factory outlet.With stunning views of Tangkuban Perahu Mountain from the hotel's Sky Lounge, the hotel is featuring more than 210 stylish HARRIS rooms and suites, a fun Dino Kid's Club, a HARRIS Cafe, Juice Bar and H'Spa and a spacious convention centre with ballroom and 8 meeting rooms.Hotel Facilities:Swimming pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Denpasar - Bali

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Denpasar - Bali

Jl. HOS Cokroaminoto 23-25, Denpasar-Bali 80118
+62361 849 5050
res1-harrispop-denpasar@tauzia.com

Centrally located in the heart of Denpasar, HARRIS Hotel is equipped with a spacious Ballroom and 6 meeting rooms, making it is a perfect destination for business. With 87 non-smoking, comfortable rooms, swimming pools and our very own Dino Kid’s Club making it also ideal for family getaways. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Festival Citylink - Bandung

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Festival Citylink - Bandung

Jl. Peta 241, Pasir Koja-Bandung 40323
+62 22 6128600
res-harrispop-festival@tauzia.com

Only 5 minutes away from the exit toll Pasir Koja, 20 minutes from Husein Sastra Negara airport, 30 minutes from Kebon Kawung Central railway station and just 30 minutes to Pasar Baru. With a direct walking access to the Festival Citylink Mall where a wide and attractive variety of entertainments and shops can be found, this hotel is a unique destination for weekdays and weekends either you are on a business journey or just enjoying your free time. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Gubeng - Surabaya

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Gubeng - Surabaya

Jl.Bangka No. 08-18 Gubeng Surabaya 60281
+62 31 501 1100
reservation-harrispop-gubeng@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Gubeng is strategically located in the center of Surabaya’s business district, within a 45 minutes drive from Juanda International Airport and 5 minutes drive from Gubeng Train Station and with easy access to Siloam Hospital, Grand City Mall & Convention Hall, Surabaya Plaza and Tunjungan Plaza. The hotel offers 152 stylish modern rooms, a refreshing outdoor pool, fun Dino Kid's Club and indulging H'Spa. With a spacious 650 sqm ballroom for up to 1000 people and 7 smaller meeting rooms and free wi-fi throughout the hotel the HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Gubeng is also an ideal place for business and meetings. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Kelapa Gading - Jakarta

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Kelapa Gading - Jakarta

Jl. Bulevar Kelapa Gading Blok M, Kelapa Gading-Jakarta 14240
+62 21 458 78 200
resspv-harris-kelapagading@tauzia.com

Ideally located on Sentra Kelapa Gading Business district, HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Kelapa Gading has a direct access to the well-known Kelapa Gading Mall with 600+ shops, and La Piazza Lifestyle Center. Only 40 minutes away from Soekarna-Hatta International Airport, 20 minutes to Jakarta International Expo (JIEXPO) Kemayoran and 35 minutes to the City Center, HARRIS Hotels & Conventions Kelapa Gading is the perfect venue for business and leisure.

Hotel Facilities: Swimming pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 hr Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service. Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Malang

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Malang

Jl. A Yani Utara Riverside Blok C-1, Malang 65126
+62 341 299 2299
resmgr-harris-malang@tauzia.com

Peacefully situated in the "green" of Riverside, nearby the Malang - Surabaya main road with an easy access to the bus station and to the airport, HARRIS Malang is The place for a constructive seminar or to simply and naturally relax. Hotel Facilities: Swimming pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Solo

HARRIS Hotel & Conventions Solo

Jalan Slamet Riyadi No. 464 Purwosari
+62271-3009999
Info-harrispop-solo@tauzia.com

Strategically set on Jalan Slamet Riyadi, HARRIS Hotel Solo is close to Batik Village of Laweyan, steps away from Purwosari Train Station, 3 minutes to Solo Grand Mall, 5 minutes to Manahan Stadium, 8 minutes to Bale Kambang Park and only 20 minutes from Adi Sumarmo International Airport. HARRIS Hotel Solo offers modern and spacious guestrooms, kids & adults swimming pool, Dino Kid’s Club, and also delectable food & beverage – making it a perfect choice for families and smart business travelers.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel & Residences Sunset  Road - Bali

HARRIS Hotel & Residences Sunset Road - Bali

Jl. Pura Mertasari Sunset Road, Kuta-Bali
+62 361 8947001
res-harris-sunsetroad@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel & Residences Sunset Road is located on Sunset Road, at the cross-road of Denpasar, Sanur, Seminyak and Kuta and it's 15 minutes drive away to Ngurah Rai Int'l Airport, nearby Sunset area leading shopping centers, wholesale handicrafts shops and entertainments, this hotel is the perfect starting point to enjoy Bali for business and leisure It offers a restaurant that serves Indonesian and International cuisine, an outdoor swimming pool, kid’s playground and free parking area. All 186 rooms feature LCD TVs with satellite channels, free WiFi, a personal safe and coffee/tea makers. In addition, free bottled water and phone are provided. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Batam Center - Batam

HARRIS Hotel Batam Center - Batam

Jl. Engku Putri, Batam Center-Batam 29461
+62 778 749 8888
res2-harris-batamcenter@tauzia.com

Facing the sea, a minute away from Batam Center International Ferry terminal, walking distance to shopping mall and to Government offices, this hotel is where to stay to enjoy business meetings and leisure. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Kuta Galleria - Bali

HARRIS Hotel Kuta Galleria - Bali

Jl. By Pass Ngurah Rai 1, Kuta-Bali 80361
+62 361 938 60 60
res1-harris-kutagalleria@tauzia.com

HARRIS KUTA GALLERIA is a modern 4 stars hotel offering a Healthy Lifestyle experience, equipped with facilities designed to suit your needs. It is located just off Bali’s iconic landmark, Dewa Ruci Statue, famously known as Simpang Siur. Adjacent to Bali’s current biggest shopping mall, Mall Bali Galeria and the famous Duty Free Shop providing direct access to cinemas, cafes, restaurants, and boutiques. Strategically located on the main road of Bali, Jl. By-pass Ngurah Rai, Kuta. Just 5 minutes to Bali International Airport Ngurah Rai, 10 minutes to Kuta, Seminyak, Sanur, and 15 minutes to Nusa Dua. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Pontianak

HARRIS Hotel Pontianak

Jl. Gajah Mada No.150 Pontianak, Kalimantan Barat, Indonesia 78121
+62 561 8120 888
res1-harris-pontianak@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel Pontianak, strategically located in the center of Pontianak’s business and culinary districts, is also within a 25-minute drive from Supadio International Airport and its location provides easy access to the Ayani Mega Mall Pontianak, The Dayak Longhouse, the West Kalimantan Provincial Museum and the Equator Monument. A spacious 626 square meter ballroom can accommodate up to 1,500 people for a standing Buffet. With 3 additional smaller meeting rooms and free WiFi throughout the hotel, HARRIS Hotel Pontianak is an ideal place for business travellers and meetings, conferences and events. Hotel Facilities: Swimming pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Samarinda

HARRIS Hotel Samarinda

Jl. Untung Suropati No. 35, Sungai Kunjang
+62541 4112700
info-harris-samarinda@tauzia.com

The best view in town with Samarinda's iconic. Right beside the mighty Mahakam River, seat it next to Mahakam Bridge which connects the city of Samarinda with Balikpapan.

The hotel is an ideal place for travelers and only 3-min away from Big Mall, 5-min to Mahakam Lampion Garden & Islamic Center Samarinda, 15-min to government offices and 20-min to the city center.

Featuring 132 HARRIS Rooms, 8 HARRIS Balcony & 3 Suites, HARRIS Hotel Samarinda also offers Fitness Center, outdoor Swimming Pool, HARRIS Cafe, H'Spa, Dino Kid's Corner, Internet Corner, HARRIS Boutique, Pool Bar, MTP Corner, complimentary WiFi throughout premises, spacious car park and many more.

The hotel also provides 3 Meeting Rooms with combined capacity and The MAHAKAM Ballroom which can accommodate up to 1,500 people.

Whenever you plan a visit to Samarinda, make sure you stay at HARRIS Hotel Samarinda!

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Seminyak - Bali

HARRIS Hotel Seminyak - Bali

Jl. Drupadi 99, Seminyak-Bali 80361
+62 361 8499288
reservation-harris-seminyak@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel Seminyak is truly the perfect spot to enjoy Bali's popular Seminyak area. The hotel is only 350 meters away from Dhyana Pura Beach, or widely known as Seminyak Beach; not to mention its walking distance to various boutiques, art galleries, restaurants and bars. The hotel is only a 30 minute drive from Ngurah Rai International Airport. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Sentraland Semarang

HARRIS Hotel Sentraland Semarang

Jl. Ki Mangunsarkoro 36, Semarang
+622476530000
reservation-harris-sentraland@tauzia.com

Bringing forth the well known HARRIS' concept of emphasizing on The Brighter Side of Life, HARRIS Hotel Sentraland – Semarang offers a warm, vibrant and playful environment in the heart of Semarang.

The cheerful hotel is conveniently located near the city center and Simpang Lima; and only 3 km from the Mayor’s Office, Tugu Muda and Kota Lama area. Shopping malls are only a short drive away.

Culture lovers can visit Sam Poo Kong temple, Chinatown, Belenduk Church or Masjid Agung Semarang which are only 4 km away; Lawang Sewu and Mandala Bhakti museum of people’s struggle are 3 km away from the hotel.

HARRIS Hotel Sentraland – Semarang has 149 HARRIS Room (28 sqm) and 18 HARRIS Suite (44 sqm). Each room provides amenities to ensure the guests’ comfort, such as, shower, hair dryer, tea and coffee making facility, FREE bottled water, 42" LED TV with cable channels, and air conditioning. HARRIS Hotel Sentraland – Semarang also provides 6 meeting rooms and 1 Ballroom, which can accommodate up to 1100 people. All the hotel area is covered by free WiFi. Guests can also enjoy the outdoor pool, kids pool, kid’s club, HARRIS Cafe, Juice Bar, fitness center and spa. Guests can choose from the three dining and refreshment counters in HARRIS Hotel Sentraland – Semarang. HARRIS Café is where you can find healthy food with no MSG, Juice Bar provides fresh juice with no sugar added.

HARRIS Hotel Sentraland – Semarang delivers an upbeat guest experiences to ensure a wholesome, refreshing stay for the guests.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Sentul City - Bogor

HARRIS Hotel Sentul City - Bogor

SICC Jl. Jendral Sudirman No 1, Sentul City-Bogor 16810
+62 21 2868 9999
reservation-harris-sentulcity@tauzia.com

Ideally located as part of Sentul International Convention center, surrounded by the outstanding mountains of Bogor, close to Taman Budaya, Alam Fantasi Park and to Sentul Golf Courses. With the outbound adventures, the hot spring water and the mountains, the hotel with its natural and fresh environment is truly a place for relaxing business and family getaway. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Tebet - Jakarta

HARRIS Hotel Tebet - Jakarta

JI. Dr Saharjo 191, Tebet-Jakarta 12960
+62 21 830 33 55
res-harris-tebet@tauzia.com

Only minutes away from Kota Kasablanca mall, Mega Kuningan and SCBD areas, the hotel nestled in the area of Jakarta Business District is the hotel to organize seminars, meetings or simply to relax and to shop.

Hotel Facilities:Swimming pool, Fitness Center, Spa, 24 hr Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Hotel Tuban - Bali

HARRIS Hotel Tuban - Bali

Jl. Dewi Sartika, Kuta, Kabupaten Badung, Bali 80361, Indonesia
+62 361 9365 255
res-harris-tuban@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel Tuban is strategically located next to Ngurah Rai International Airport with free 24 hour return airport transfers. The hotel features 146 rooms and suites equipped with LCD flat TV with cable television and free WIFI in all hotels’ premises. It is fit for transit between flights also for business and leisure destination. It offers a swimming pool and 3 meeting rooms. The Hotel has complete facilities such as HARRIS Café with a wide range of Indonesian, Asian, and International specialties, HARRIS Juice Bar, and the Guest can enjoy relaxing body treatments at H’Spa and Happy Feet Reflexology. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service

Book Now
-  HARRIS Resort Barelang Batam

HARRIS Resort Barelang Batam

Jalan Trans Barelang Batam, Kelurahan Tembesi, Kecamatan Sagulung, Kota Batam, Riau Islands 29439
+62778-4091111
Reservation-harris-batambarelang@tauzia.com

We are a resort facing the sea, located is 5 minutes away to Batam Landmark – Barelang Bridge I. It is located 30 minutes from Batam Center International Ferry Terminal and Hang Nadim International Airport. The best destination for leisure and new look business accommodation.

HARRIS Resort Barelang Batam provides 174 rooms with HARRIS Room, HARRIS Suite, HARRIS Villa; HARRIS Café and Pizza with live cooking, juice bar, kid swimming pool, infinity swimming pool, spa & fitness center, bay house, Dino kids club and water playground, boutique, beach club with modern concept provided with swimming pool and whirlpool, recreation motorized & non- motorized sports, exclusive white sand beach, jogging and cycling tracks, business center, internet corner, Minimart, spacious parking space for 200 cars. There is HARRIS Function Hall can be a perfect venue to host a meeting, incentive, convention and exhibition up to 150 persons with 8 meeting rooms available.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Resort Batam Waterfront

HARRIS Resort Batam Waterfront

Jl.KH.Ahmad Dahlan - Waterfront City Batam 29422 , Indonesia
+62 778381888
res-harris-batamwaterfront@tauzia.com

Are you ready to discover the largest swimming pool in town? Prepare for Harris Resort Waterfront Batam and enjoy the warmth smile of the well-known Harris Player. Packed with all of your favorite amenities, the resort is all about giving families time off from real life. Harris Resort is ready to please guests of all ages with a large number of activities with outstanding service. If you're looking for an escape from the concrete jungle then what is you waiting for? ...Your dreams are just around the corner! Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Suites fX Sudirman - Jakarta

HARRIS Suites fX Sudirman - Jakarta

Jl. Jend Sudirman Pintu Satu Senayan, Jakarta
+62 21 2555 4333
res-harris-fx@tauzia.com

Standing in the heart of Jakarta’s most happening area, Sudirman Central Business District, with a direct walking access to fX Sudirman Mall, minutes away to Stock Exchange, Senayan Sport Complex, Senayan Golf Course, Plaza Senayan, Senayan City, this hotel is the perfect spot for short and long stay. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, 24 Hour Room Service, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Suites Puri Mansion Jakarta

HARRIS Suites Puri Mansion Jakarta

Jl. Lingkar Luar Puri Mansion Estate Kembangan, Jakarta Barat, DKI Jakarta 11610
+6221 5433 6060
info-harris-purimansion@tauzia.com

HARRIS Suites Puri Mansion is an inviting hotel for business or leisure, only 20 minutes from Soekarno Hatta International Airport. It is the only integrated complex and with the prestigious apartment & ne to the biggest shopping mall. Looking for simple & modern meeting facilities? We provide 6 meeting rooms and 1 ballroom, ideal for seminars, meetings, weddings or to center your every need.

Book Now
-  HARRIS Vertu Hotel Harmoni

HARRIS Vertu Hotel Harmoni

Jl. Hayam Wuruk No. 6 Jakata Pusat
021-22036000
reservation-harrisvertu-harmoni@tauzia.com WA: +62 8118683788

Celebrating the Joy of Life and a refined concept for an elegant experience, Harris Vertu embodies the friendly, open and warm nature of Asian hospitality through a modern and understated vibe.

The first of its kind, the newly opened & sophisticated HARRIS Vertu Harmoni is conveniently located in Central Jakarta , a close distance from the National Museum, National Monument (MONAS), Chinatown & Jakarta's Old Town (Kota Tua) are only 10 minutes away from the hotel.

Popular shopping malls such as Plaza Indonesia & Grand Indonesia are also within 15 minutes driving distance as is the vibrant Jakarta nightlife.

Most notably, it is also strategically located for discerning business travelers with meetings within or around the Sudirman, Rasuna Said & Thamrin business disctricts, making this the most coveted choice.

The hotel also boasts in its premium facilities such as all-day dining restaurant Voyage, 760sqm Vertu Ballroom, 10 meeting rooms, an Executive Floor which consists of lounge, business center & bar; gym, spa & reflexology, swimming pool, high-speed WiFi in all premises, laundry & dry clean, concierge services

Book Now
-  Hotel & Residences Riverview Kuta- Bali (Associated HARRIS)

Hotel & Residences Riverview Kuta- Bali (Associated HARRIS)

Jl. Raya Kuta 62A, Badung-Bali 80361
+62 361 761 007
reservation-harris-riverview@tauzia.com

HARRIS Hotel & Residences Riverview, Just 15 minutes away to Legian area and to Kuta Beach, this well located 140 rooms and residences hotel is made for your business trips and your holidays with your family and friends. Hotel Facilities: Swimming Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, Bicycle Rental, 24 Hour Room Service, Meeting Facilities, Safety Deposit Boxes, Smoking Room, Coffee Shop, Restaurant, Luggage Deposit, Car Park, Concierge, Laundry Service / Dry Cleaning, Room Service.

Book Now
-  Liu Men Melaka - By Préférence

Liu Men Melaka - By Préférence

48 - 56, Jalan Tokong, 75200, Melaka Malaysia
+60 6 288 1161
welcome@liumenhotel.com

Years before the war in Malaysia, in Jalan Tokong, six shop-houses stood where different families resided. Sometime before 1939, these six families left and these different shop-houses were lovingly renovated and transformed into a new home for a single family. Fast forward to now in the 21st century, the pre war structure is given a new life, and we now proudly call it Liu Men. Liu Men, or “six doors” holds a special meaning to us. Six, or (六, LIÙ), is an auspicious number and as we believe on the authenticity of the locale, this is one of the inspirations behind the name. What is celebrated in Liu Men is a celebration of cultures where we find the perfect harmony of East and West. Throughout the interior of Liu Men, the 1930s colonial art deco influences can be seen with its geometric shapes, that have not only been introduced, but embraced. These bold shapes are added with a distinctly Eastern twist of the vibrant reds symbolising joy or luck in playful chaos, all play a part in what we identify with in the Chinese Peranakan culture, that is centered around the families and their neighbors. Invited in with open arms, our guests are treated with honour and warmth that a family member would be. From the prominent art deco influences to the splashes of vibrant colour, all are a part of the unique culture that is held dear in Liu Men. We invite you to come in through these six doors, we welcome you to our family, to our home.

Book Now
-  Maison Aurelia Sanur, Bali - By Préférence

Maison Aurelia Sanur, Bali - By Préférence

Jalan Danau Tamblingan. Sanur, Denpasar Selatan - Bali
+623614721111
welcome@maisonaureliasanur.com

Experience a delightful memorable stay at the alluring Maison Aurelia, a unique oasis of Balinese charms & local heritage in the peaceful and romantic backdrop of Sanur. This boutique hotel is the representation of passion, art and exquisite with a touch of colonial elegance. Meaning 'the House of Gold' in English, escape to into the tropical haven of refreshing beaches, cultural attractions as well as streets of nightlife and local artisans.

Maison Aurelia features 54 breathtaking guestrooms with a private board room for your intimate business sessions, as well as enchanting garden, jacuzzi, outdoor swimming pool, gym and a rejuvenating spa facility.

Book Now
-  Pesona Alam Resort & Spa

Pesona Alam Resort & Spa

Jl. Taman Safari No.101 , Cisarua, Bogor, Jawa Barat 16750, Indonesia
+62 251 8217111
res1-pesonaalam@tauzia.com, res2-pesonaalam@tauzia.com

Pesona Alam Resort & Spa is a resort dedicated to provide the beauty of nature to our customers. Surrounded by beautiful pine forest with picture perfect mountain backgrounds, Pesona Alam Resort & Spa is the perfect getaway from the hustle and bustle of Jakarta Hotel Facilities: Meeting Rooms, Restaurant, Internet Corner, Spa, Swimming Pool, Kids Club, Jogging and Bicycle Track, Gym

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Airport Jakarta

POP! Hotel Airport Jakarta

Jl. Raya Bandara no.106 Rawa Bokor, Benda-Tangerang 15125
+62 21-29405678
info-pop-airportjakarta@tauzia.com

Located in convenient suburb of Jakarta, POP! Hotel Airport Jakarta is right next to Soekarno – Hatta International Airport; 500 meters away from Cengkareng Golf Course; and Soewarna Business Park. POP! Hotel Airport Jakarta offers eco-friendly and convenient accommodation both for business and leisure. The hotel also provides free Airport shuttle based on schedule. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Banjarmasin

POP! Hotel Banjarmasin

Jl. H Djok Mentaya No 50, Kertak Baru Ilir, Banjarmasin
+625116723888
info-pop-banjarmasin@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Banjarmasin is a walking distance away from Banjarmasin's city center. It is 4 km from Menara Pandang Banjarmasin, Duta Mall Banjarmasin and Jahri Saleh zoo; and 12 km from Wasaka Museum and the floating market. The hotel is also strategically located near the main boat piers (Trisakti, Basirih, Alalak, or Banjar Raya ke Tamban pier); Syamsudin Noor International Airport is 29 km away.

POP! Hotel Banjarmasin brings the new concept of POP! Hotels to Borneo with its 24-hours cafe + convenience store concept, PITSTOP, serving hot food, snacks and hot beverages.

POP! Hotel Banjarmasin has 120 guestrooms with a city view. Each guestroom can be occupied by up to 3 adults courtesy of our comfortable day-bed. Each room is equipped with safe deposit box, FREE bottled water, cable TV and air conditioning. Guests can also enjoy hotel facilities, such as, free WiFi in all hotel area and a meeting room that can seat a maximum of 200 pax.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel BSD City - Tangerang

POP! Hotel BSD City - Tangerang

Sunburst CBD Lot II 18A, Tangerang 15321
+62 21 - 5315 9077
info-pop-bsdcity@tauzia.com

Ideally located in the center of Bumi Serpong Damai City .The hotel is only 45 minutes from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and easily reachable from Jakarta by private or public transportation. The hotel is close to Teraskota Mall, ITC Mall, Living World Mall, Ocean Park and Damai Indah Golf. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Denpasar - Bali

POP! Hotel Denpasar - Bali

Jl. HOS Cokroaminoto 23-25, Denpasar-Bali 80118
+62 361 849 5050
res1-harrispop-denpasar@tauzia.com

A good night’s sleep for everyone. A place to stay for smart and eco-friendly travelers. POP! Hotel Cokroaminoto is strategically located only 10 minutes away from Ubung Bus station, Jalan Gajah Mada to enjoy century-old temples, grand palaces, museums, parks and the best shops in Bali, and 10 minutes away from traditional Pasar Badung and Pasar Kumbasari. It has easy access to Bali culinary center in Jalan Teuku Umar as well as to Sanur area. Ngurah Rai International Airport is only 45 minutes drive while Ubud can be reached in 50 minutes. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Diponegoro

POP! Hotel Diponegoro

Jl. Raya Diponegoro No.33, Wonokromo, Kota SBY, Jawa Timur 60241, Indonesia
+62 31 99014888
info-pop-diponegoro@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Diponegoro is strategically located in the center of Surabaya's business district. The hotel is only 35-minutes drive from Juanda International Airport and 15-minute drive from Gubeng Train Station, with easy access to RKZ Hospital, Surabaya Town Square and Surabaya Zoo.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Festival Citylink - Bandung

POP! Hotel Festival Citylink - Bandung

Jl. Peta 241, Pasir Koja-Bandung 40323
+62 22 6128 655
info-harrispop-festival@tauzia.com

Located only 5 minutes from the Exit Pasir Koja and 20 minutes from Hussein Sastra Negara Airport. Connected to the Festival Citylink Mall and HARRIS Convention Center, which offer a huge variation of entertainment, shopping, culinary and meeting facilities options. POP! Hotel Festival Citylink Bandung also offers eco-friendly and convenient accommodation both for business and leisure. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Gubeng - Surabaya

POP! Hotel Gubeng - Surabaya

Jl. Bangka 8-18, Surabaya 60281
+6231-5011100
reservation-harrispop-gubeng@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Gubeng is strategically located in the center of Surabaya’s business district, within a 45 minutes drive from Juanda International Airport and 5 minutes drive from Gubeng Train Station and with easy access to Siloam Hospital, Grand City Mall & Convention hall, Surabaya Plaza and Tunjungan Plaza. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Kelapa Gading - Jakarta

POP! Hotel Kelapa Gading - Jakarta

Jl. Bulevar Sentra Kelapa Gading, Kelapa Gading-Jakarta 14240
+62 21 45855020
support-pop-kelapagading@tauzia.com

Strategically located at Boulevar Kelapa Gading Street and close with Mall Kelapa Gading. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Kemang - Jakarta

POP! Hotel Kemang - Jakarta

Jl. Kemang Raya No 3, Kemang-Jakarta 12730
+62 21-718 1595
info-pop-kemang@tauzia.com WA:+62 812 8045 3458

Located within walking distance to Kemang Village mall, Kemchicks supermarket, and popular restaurants in South Jakarta. POP! Hotel Kemang Jakarta is a great choice for smart and eco-friendly travelers looking for a good night sleep after a busy day in the city. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Kuta Beach - Bali

POP! Hotel Kuta Beach - Bali

Jl. Kubu Bene, Legian-Bali 80361
+62 361 8465 656
info-pop-kutabeach@tauzia.com

Only 300 m from the famous Kuta Beach, POP! Hotel provides modern and fun accommodations with free Wi-Fi in all areas. It has an outdoor swimming pool which is accompanied by a pool bar. This smoke-free hotel also features a 24 hours POP! Mart for simple and instant groceries.

Yet located in a quiet area, POP! Hotel Kuta Beach is at the heart of the action and provides easy access to popular tourist areas such as the Kuta Art Market, Beachwalk Mall and Sky Garden Bali. The hotel is a 15 minute walk from Discovery Shopping Mall and the Waterbom Water Theme Park. Legian’s shopping and nightlife area is also a 5 minute walk away, while Ngurah Rai International Airport is a 15 minute drive from the hotel.

All rooms at POP! Hotel Kuta Beach are air-conditioned and provide a flat-screen satellite TV. They have comfortable double or twin bed, a safe, a sofa bed and a unique private bathroom. Free toiletries and bottled water are provided for guests’ convenience. Daily housekeeping will ensure that your room is refreshed everyday, and 24 hours front desk will make sure all your needs are catered for. Our hotel also provides (for additional cost), taxi service, airport shuttle, motorbike rental, Bali tours and many more…

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Malioboro Yogyakarta

POP! Hotel Malioboro Yogyakarta

Jl. Gandekan Lor No. 92, Gedongtengen-Yogyakarta 55272
+62 274-6429711
info-pop-malioboro@tauzia.com

POP Hotel Malioboro Yogyakarta is strategically located in the iconic Malioboro district, Yogyakarta. Tugu train station and Malioboro Street are within walking distance, along with some of Yogyakarta's most historical sites, tourist attractions, traditional markets and shopping mall. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Nusa Dua Bali

POP! Hotel Nusa Dua Bali

Jl. By Pass Ngurah Rai No. 188x Mumbul, Nusa Dua-Bali 80363
+62361 8498853
info-pop-nusadua@tauzia.com

POP! Hotels Nusa Dua is strategically located in Bypass Ngurah Rai, close to Bali International Convention Center, Nusa Dua beach, as well as Bali's famous landmarks Garuda Wisnu Kencana. It is only 10 minutes away from Tanjung Benoa area with its different water sports options. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Pasar Baru Jakarta

POP! Hotel Pasar Baru Jakarta

Jln. KH.Samanhudi No 17-19 Pasar Baru-Sawah Besar Jakarta Pusat
+62 21 2945 9145
info-pop-pasarbaru@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Pasar Baru is a budget hotel located at the heart of Jakarta. The hotel is only a short walk from the famous Pasar Baru shopping arcade ensuring you will never miss a nightlife entertainment.

Next to the bus stop, 31 km from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and 2.9 km from Gambir Train Station, offering easy access to National Monumen Tugu Monas, Mangga Dua Trade center and Ancol beach, one of the city's most popular tourist destinations.

The hotel has 105 simple and modernly designed guest rooms, each with an en-suite shower, air conditioning and a flat screen TV. All are 100% non-smoking.

POP! Hotel Pasar Baru articulated its new concept with the addition of PITSTOP, an onsite Café + convenience store at the lobby area which opens around the clock. With a lively lounge atmosphere, everyone is invited to converge, work, meet, play or simply enjoy a cup of fresh coffee or a light meal while using free Wifi connection. Kick start your day, make sure you try our delicious meal!

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Pemuda Semarang

POP! Hotel Pemuda Semarang

Jalan Simpang No 9 Sekayu Semarang Tengah
+6224-86042222
info-pop-pemuda@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Pemuda Semarang is strategically located in the center of Semarang's business district. It is within walking distance to Monument Tugu Muda, Lawang Sewu (historic sites), Shopping Mall & Carrefour, and The Center of Semarang Souvenir (Pusat Oleh-Oleh Khas Semarang). The hotel is only 15 minutes drive from Ahmad Yani International Airport and 5 minutes drive from Tawang Train Station. POP! Hotel Pemuda Semarang offers 132 simple and modernly designed guest rooms, 2 meeting rooms with total capacity of 100 pax. Each room is equipped with free Wi-Fi connection, safe deposit box, hot and cold shower, free mineral water, and 32" LCD TV with cable channels - making it an ideal place to stay for smart business and leisure travelers when exploring Semarang.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Sangaji Yogyakarta

POP! Hotel Sangaji Yogyakarta

Jl. A.M. Sangaji Kav. 16-18, Jetis-Yogyakarta 55000
+62 274 4469 399
info-pop-sangaji@tauzia.com

Located in the centre of the city of Yogyakarta, POP! Hotel Sangaji Yogyakarta is only 5 minutes away from the famous Malioboro shopping and culinary area. POP! Hotel Sangaji Yogyakarta offers eco-friendly and convenient accommodation both for business and leisure. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Solo

POP! Hotel Solo

Jalan Slamet Riyadi No 464 Purwosari
+62271-3009999
info-harrispop-solo@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Solo is strategically situated in the heart of the town. The modern budget hotel is close to Batik Village of Laweyan, steps away from Purwosari Train Station, 3 minutes to various shopping malls, 5 minutes to Manahan Stadium and only 20 minutes from Adi Sumarmo International Airport. POP! Hotel Solo offers 189 guest rooms with city view, 4 exclusive meeting rooms, and rooftop area. Each room is equipped with free Wi-Fi connection, hot and cold shower, free mineral water and 32" LCD TV with cable channels – definitely a perfect place to relax and unwind for smart business and leisure travelers.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Stasiun Kota

POP! Hotel Stasiun Kota

Jl. Waspada 58, Surabaya 60161
+62313550111
info-pop-stasiunkota@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Stasiun Kota Surabaya features 160 guest rooms as well as five spacious meeting rooms. POP! Hotel Stasiun Kota Surabaya is a perfect choice for smart travelers looking to explore the second biggest city in the country and is only 2 minutes walk away from Pasar Atom shopping center, 5 minutes drive from Stasiun Surabaya Kota, 7 minutes drive from Undaan Surabaya Hospital and 10 minutes drive away from the governmental district area, the city harbor, Perak Highway and the famous Pahlawan Statue. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking.

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Tanjung Karang - Lampung

POP! Hotel Tanjung Karang - Lampung

Jl. Wolter Mongosidi, Bandar Lampung-Lampung 35214
+62 721 - 241742
info-pop-tjkarang@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Tanjung Karang has 168 rooms and is equipped with meeting facilities. It can be accessed easily from both Raden Inten Airport Bandar Lampung as well as from Bakauheni Harbour. It is only 6 km away from the National Museum and 25 km away from Pantai Mutun beach. The Elephant and Sumatara Rhino Conservation Centre at Way Kambas National Park can also be reached from the hotel. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Tebet

POP! Hotel Tebet

Jl. Prof. Dr. Soepomo SH No. 29, Tebet-Jakarta 12810
+62 21 8378 4280
info-pop-tebet@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Tebet Jakarta is ideally located in southern part of Jakarta, Jl. Prof. Dr. Soepomo, SH, Tebet Jakarta at a very strategic business district and nearby some famous shopping centers such as Kota Kasablanka mall, Kuningan City, ITC Kuningan, Lotte Mart and Mall Ambasador. 35 km away from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, only minutes away from the shopping centers and restaurants and 5 km from the city center. POP! Hotel Tebet is the perfect venue for business and leisure. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Teuku Umar Denpasar - Bali

POP! Hotel Teuku Umar Denpasar - Bali

Jl. Teuku Umar No. 74, Denpasar-Bali 80113
+62 361 258 025
info-pop-teukumar@tauzia.com

Located at the heart of the city of Denpasar and only 30 minutes drive to famous tourism locations such as Kuta Beach; Ubud and Sanur. POP! Hotel Denpasar Teuku Umar offers eco-friendly and convenient accommodation both for business and leisure. Hotel Facilities: 24 hour Reception, WiFi, Internet Corner, Non-Smoking Rooms, Free Parking

Book Now
-  POP! Hotel Timoho Yogyakarta

POP! Hotel Timoho Yogyakarta

Jl. IPDA Tut Harsono No 11 (BALAIKOTA AREA)
0274-2924646
info-pop-timoho@tauzia.com

POP! Hotel Timoho Yogyakarta as the twentieth in the network will feature the all new cafe lounge + convenience store concept, PITSTOP.

The hotel is only 5-min away from Lempuyangan Train Station, Mandala Krida Stadium, Pakualam Museum & De Mata Trick Eye Museum; 10-min away from House of Raminten & the famous Malioboro, and also 15-min away from Adi Sucipto International Airport.

Expected to open by November 2016, POP! Hotel Timoho Yogyakarta will have 126 comfortable guestrooms with city view and 4 meeting rooms with total capacity of 250 pax. Each room will be equipped with FREE WiFi connection, safe deposit box, cupboard, FREE bottled water, cable TV and air conditioning.

Book Now
-  Solo Paragon Hotel & Residences

Solo Paragon Hotel & Residences

Jl. Dr. Soetomo, Solo 57125
+62 271 7655888
reservation@soloparagonhotel.com

Solo Paragon Hotel & Residences is a 4 star Hotel, strategically located in the heart of Solo City. Recognized as the first hotel in Solo to be directly connected to an upscale shopping centre and modern dining city walk; Solo Paragon Lifestyle Mall. We are also only a 25 minutes drive to the international airport of Adi Sumarmo and 10 minutes away from Solo Balapan train station.

Solo Paragon Hotel & Residences has an easy access to the center of business district; Slamet Riyadi Street, as well as to the government offices, recreation and cultural attraction spots. Solo Paragon Hotel & Residences offers 249 designed rooms of modern minimalist concept, convenient for both business and leisure trips.

Enjoy the comfort of a home away experience when you settle-in to any of our various type of rooms; from Superior, Deluxe, Executive to our City Suite room. Release your energy in our fully equipped fitness center, swimming pool and outdoor jogging track, or just share the laughter and have fun with your kids in our Kid's Club.

We offer a spacious Grand Ballroom for your wedding receptions overlooking the swimming pool, covering up to 1500 guests and create the one of the most memorable times of your life.

MoreLess Book Now
-  The Tamarind Resort Nusa Lembongan, Bali - By Préférence

The Tamarind Resort Nusa Lembongan, Bali - By Préférence

Jalan Jungutbatu, Nusa Lembongan, Klungkung - Bali, Indonesia
+62 366-5437888
welcome@thetamarindresort.com

Perched on the heights of Nusa Lembongan, off the coast of Bali and with a majestic view of the Gunung Agung, The Tamarind Resort - Nusa Lembongan by Préférence Hotels offers an unparalleled view of Bali. Getting here only takes 30 minutes of boat ride from Sanur and a 5-minute walk from Jungut Batu beach. Located in the heart of the island, local attractions such as beaches, dive shops, temples, and fine dining can all be reached by foot.

Experience The Tamarind’s two pools facing the sea, one in the shade of our 300-year-old Tamarind tree or the other with a private Pool Bar. Delight the foodie in you with locally sourced food and fresh seafood in Indica Restaurant.

Wake up to a sweeping view of the sea and listen to the sound of the waves. Play the soundtrack of your life on our in-house blue-tooth speakers. Be pampered with the finest amenities and enjoy the king-size bed, Air Conditioning, Rain Shower, and satellite/cable TV. Get connected with WiFi in our 12 spacious guest rooms with a private balcony overlooking the picture-perfect ocean vistas, or indulge and stay in our 3 Bedroom Villas with private rooftop opening out over the sprawling blue water.

Book Now
-  The Wujil Resort & Conventions, Ungaran - Semarang

The Wujil Resort & Conventions, Ungaran - Semarang

Jl. Soekarno-Hatta km 25,5, Ungaran, Kab.Semarang, Jawa Tengah
+62 24 76510707
reservation-thewujil@tauzia.com

Nestled in four hectares of greenery and pure nature and strategically located in the triangle of 3 cities: Semarang, Solo & Yogyakarta, the Wujil Resort & Conventions – managed by TAUZIA Hotel Management offers a natural backdrop which makes it an ideal venue for business and leisure
The hotel features 92 guest rooms and 12 prime rooms with simple and modern design, AC, 40-inch LED TV with 35 international channels, FREE WiFi, coffee & tea maker, safe deposit box and refrigerator.

Book Now
-  YELLO Hotel Harmoni

YELLO Hotel Harmoni

JL Hayam Wuruk no. 6
02122035000
reservation-yello-harmoni@tauzia.com WA: +62 811 1193 556

YELLO Hotel Harmoni features 372 unique YELLO Rooms, eight mid-sized meeting rooms with total capacity of more than 600 persons at once, Chill Spot Lounge, NetZone, 24/7 Wok’n’Tok Restaurant a la fast food, and most importantly, direct access to HXC Shopping Mall.

With this convenient access, guests can also enjoy various complementary entertainment such as spa & reflexology, hair salon, ATM, and many more.

The hotel is also strategically located only walking distance to Harmoni Central Busway Station, and less than 40 minutes from Soekarno Hatta International Airport & Jakarta Kota Train Station; also only 5 minutes away from Gajah Mada Plaza, 20 minutes from the National Monument (MONAS) and 25 minutes from the National Museum & M.H. Thamrin business district

Book Now
-  YELLO Hotel Jemursari - Surabaya

YELLO Hotel Jemursari - Surabaya

Jl. Raya Jemursari 176 Tenggilis Mejoyo, Surabaya 60292
+62 31 8431 999
info-yello-jemursari@tauzia.com

Yello hotel is a tech-friendly 3-star brand that doesn't take its lead from mainstream hospitality. This hotel is non-conformist, sociable and 'wired'. We emphasize on a trendy sense of style, and provide you the fundamentals to create a sociable and cozy environment, where interaction and new experiences come alive with maximum occupancy 2 adult and 2 child. Hotel Facilities: Meeting Rooms, Restaurant, Internet Corner, Lounge, Gaming Station.

Book Now
-  YELLO Hotel Manggarai

YELLO Hotel Manggarai

Jl. Minangkabau Timur No. 9 Jakarta Selatan 12970
+62 21 3042 8888
info-yello-manggarai@tauzia.com

YELLO Hotel Manggarai is the perfect choice for Netizens looking for a place to crash in downtown Jakarta. It is in walking distance to Pasaraya Manggarai, Transjakarta's Manggarai bus station and Manggarai train station; 10-min away from Kuningan area (Jl. Rasuna Said), Jl. Gatot Subroto and Kota Kasablanka, and also 15-min away from National Monument, Menteng Area and Sarinah classic department store.

Get Wired! The FREE WiFi is available in all public space and its 102 rooms. Our signature Sleep Mode bed will help you catch good ZzZ's. The amenities that can be found in each room are shower, tea and coffee making facility, FREE bottled water, cable TV, and air conditioning.

Hang out with your friends at our Chill Spot, play interactive games on the latest gaming console for free on our Gaming Station, surf the web through our Netzone and express yourself on our Wall of Expression to entertain your inner child. It is, after all, a hotel for Big Kids.

Scrumptious bites can be bought in Wok 'n' Tok - our wok-based fast-dining restaurant or through our 24-hour delivery service. With all of these and the 4 meeting rooms (cater up to 100 pax), YELLO Hotel Manggarai is a true urban refuge with modern and inspiring décor.

Book Now
-  YELLO Hotel Paskal Bandung

YELLO Hotel Paskal Bandung

Komplek Paskal Hyper Square. Jalan Pasir Kaliki No. 25
+6222-20571999
Info-yello-paskal@tauzia.com WA: +62 811-1556-980

YELLO Hotel Paskal Bandung is an economical hotel that offers a creative approach to hospitality with a strong emphasis on urban art and technology. Targetting to netizens, YELLO Hotel Paskal Bandung provides a new experience with its mission to

instill an intuitive tech-friendly environment where guests can interact and find a space to explore their creative minds.

Book Now

TAUZIA Hotels

+62 21 2902 6855  myprivilege@tauzia.com
[GHS Booking Engine]

EV SSL