We noticed that you're using an unsupported browser. The Tripadvisor website may not display properly.We support the following browsers:
Windows: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome. Mac: Safari.

-  Surabaya

-  Surabaya Tourism
-  Surabaya Accommodation
-  Surabaya Bed and Breakfast
-  Surabaya Holiday Rentals
-  Surabaya Holiday Packages
-  Surabaya Flights
-  Surabaya Restaurants
-  Surabaya Attractions
-  Surabaya Travel Forum
-  Surabaya Photos
-  Surabaya Map
-  Surabaya Guide

-

-  All Surabaya Hotels
-  Surabaya Hotel Deals
-  Last Minute Hotels in Surabaya
-   By Hotel Type

-  Surabaya Motels
-  Surabaya Hostels
-  Business Hotels Surabaya
-  Family Hotels Surabaya
-  Spa Resorts Surabaya
-  Luxury Hotels Surabaya
-  Surabaya Green Hotels
-  Romantic Hotels Surabaya

-   By Hotel Class

-  5-stars Hotels in Surabaya
-  4-stars Hotels in Surabaya
-  3-stars Hotels in Surabaya

-   By Hotel Brand

-  POP! Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels Santika in Surabaya
-  Four Points by Sheraton Hotels in Surabaya
-  Amaris Hotels in Surabaya
-  Marriott Hotels in Surabaya
-  OYO Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels Dafam in Surabaya
-  RedDoorz Hotels in Surabaya
-  Accor Hotels in Surabaya
-  Horison Hotels in Surabaya
-  Harris Hotels in Surabaya

-   Popular Amenities

-  Surabaya Hotels with Parking
-  Surabaya Hotels with a Pool

-   Popular Surabaya Categories

-  All Inclusive Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels with Smoking Rooms in Surabaya
-  Hotels with Bars in Surabaya
-  Luxury Spa Hotels Surabaya
-  City Centre Hotels in Surabaya
-  Budget Hotels in Surabaya
-  Unique Hotels Surabaya
-  Wedding Hotels Surabaya
-  Surabaya All Inclusive Spa Hotels
-  Surabaya Hot Tub Suite Hotels

-   Near Landmarks

-  Hotels near Sampoerna Museum
-  Hotels near Suramadu National Bridge
-  Hotels near Bungkul Park
-  Hotels near Monkasel (Submarine Monument)
-  Hotels near Tugu Pahlawan
-  Hotels near Masjid Nasional Al Akbar
-  Hotels near Surabaya's Zoo
-  Hotels near Suroboyo Monument
-  Hotels near Pakuwon Food Festival
-  Hotels near Ampel Mosque

-   Near Colleges

-  Hotels near University of Surabaya
-  Hotels near Universitas Katolik Widya Manadala
-  Hotels near Universitas Narotama
-  Hotels near Universitas Airlangga
-  Hotels near Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology
-  Hotels near Universitas Wijaya Kusuma Surabaya
-  Hotels near Universitas Dr. Soetomo
-  Hotels near Universitas Negeri Surabaya
-  Hotels near Universitas Bhayangkara

-  All Surabaya Restaurants
-   Popular Types of Food

-  Cafés in Surabaya
-  Chinese Restaurants in Surabaya
-  European Restaurants with Outdoor Seating in Surabaya
-  Fast Food Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Halal Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Indonesian Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Italian Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Japanese Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Seafood Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Steakhouses in Surabaya
-  Steakhouses with Delivery in Surabaya
-  Steakhouses with Outdoor Seating in Surabaya
-  Vegetarian Restaurants in Surabaya

-   Popular Dishes

-  Best Paella in Surabaya
-  Best Eggs Benedict in Surabaya
-  Best Pancakes in Surabaya
-  Best Gelato in Surabaya
-  Best Donuts in Surabaya
-  Best Ramen in Surabaya
-  Best Cod in Surabaya
-  Best Chili Crab in Surabaya
-  Best Tempura in Surabaya
-  Best Udon & Soba (Wheat & Buckwheat Noodle) in Surabaya
-  Best Salmon in Surabaya
-  Best Tuna in Surabaya
-  Best Yakiniku (Japanese BBQ) in Surabaya
-  Best Clams in Surabaya
-  Best Pasta in Surabaya

-   Popular Restaurant Categories

-  Breakfast Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Lunch Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Dinner Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Bakeries in Surabaya
-  Cheap Eats in Surabaya
-  Coffee & Tea in Surabaya
-  Desserts in Surabaya
-  Food Delivery Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Kid Friendly Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Late Night Restaurants in Surabaya
-  Restaurants for Group Dining in Surabaya
-  Restaurants with Outdoor Seating in Surabaya
-  Romantic Restaurants in Surabaya

Skip to main content

Tripadvisor

Post
Alerts
Trips
Sign in

Inbox See all

Log in to get trip updates and message other travellers.

- Surabaya
- Hotels
- Things to do
- Restaurants
- Flights
- Holiday Homes
- Shopping
- Package Holidays
- Cruises
- Car Hire
- Travel Forum
- Airlines
- Travel Guides
- Best of 2020
- Help Centre

-

Awesome British Cafe in Surabaya - Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

- Asia
- Indonesia
- Java
- East Java
- Surabaya
- Surabaya Restaurants
- Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

Search

[TripAdvisor]

Save money. We search 200+ sites for the lowest hotel prices.

“Awesome British Cafe in Surabaya”
Review of Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

-  fish and chips..

7 photos

Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe
Jln. Juwono No. 2, Surabaya 60241, Indonesia

+62 31 5683336

Website
Improve this listing
Ranked #540 of 2,226 Restaurants in Surabaya
21 Reviews
Cuisines: Italian
Restaurant details

Veronica_vee
54
Reviewed 26 February 2016
Awesome British Cafe in Surabaya

This place is extremely awesome!! You have to visit this cafe.
They give you an excellent environment, for those who want to find a british atmosphere, this is the correct place to visit. they serve various menu, if you like to have Sisha (Arabian Cigarette), then you can visit this place. Here, you can take various photo with British background.

Overall, Visiting this place is a must.
The access to reach this cafe is also easy, it is next to Bungkul Park Surabaya

Date of visit: February 2016

-

-
Value

-
Service
-
Food

Ask Veronica_vee about Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

Thank Veronica_vee

This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC

Updating list...
Write a reviewReviews (21)
Traveller rating

- Excellent3
- Very good12
- Average3
- Poor2
- Terrible1

Traveller type

- Families
- Couples
- Solo
- Business
- Friends

Time of year

- Mar-May
- Jun-Aug
- Sep-Nov
- Dec-Feb

Language

- All languages
- English (9)
- Indonesian (12)

Language

- English (9)
- Indonesian (12)

See what travellers are saying:

3 - 7 of 21 reviews

davisrtis
Surabaya, Indonesia
16435
Reviewed 12 February 2016
Fine dining

Stilrod cafe is a steak house located at Jalan Juwono, near Jalan Raya Darmo, Surabaya.
They serve good menus, fine dining and comfortable place.
When you come in you will feel the British atmosphere in the restaurant.

Date of visit: December 2015

-

-
Value

-
Service
-
Food

Ask davisrtis about Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

Thank davisrtis

This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC

nuzulul a
Yogyakarta Region, Indonesia
2611
Reviewed 22 October 2015
Not to Surabaya , If Not Yet to Stilrod Cafe

Who does not know with Surabaya ? 2nd metropolitan city after the capital city of Jakarta . Inevitably , a wide range of modern and sophisticated facility available . As an industrial city , education , culture , education and tourism , Surabaya experiencing tremendous growth rapidly. Therefore , Tri Rismaharini , as the mayor has always stressed the importance of urban development is accompanied by human mental development . It was merely to balance the governance of urban development being promoted .

Surabaya travel that had not been so well explored , seems to have appeared geliatnya last 5 years. The new tourist objects and attractions of the old town with its historic old building began ogled by local and foreign tourists . Likewise, a culinary tour that began to bloom in various corners of the city , to the shopping centers and offices .

Various theme carried by a typical restaurant , the restaurant or the cafe. Ranging from traditional / ethnicity to the themes of slang , typical of young people . But not many places serving culinary specialties theme or a particular country . We can find the place most in certain areas , for example the typical cuisine of Arab / Middle East region Ampel . Chinese specialties at the malls or certain housing . But only one restaurant with a distinctive taste plus a nuanced British Authentic .

Stilrod Cafe with the concept of London / England present a complete dish. Bevereges menu and food menu, display interior and exterior decoration and very British atmosphere as we enter nuances make 'another world'. This sensation will certainly be felt by those who first present here. Interior furniture with materials typical of London in the form of wood and iron. Including a car or telephone original box specially imported from England. Not to forget, the British flag that became icons in various sizes can be encountered.

Of course this is not surprising because the owner of this cafe cafe fixation with London or the British really. With the concept of 'We'll Bring You England', the atmosphere and the breath of London were quiet and comfortable it will feel. Trinkets so that the interior was made according to the theme that is coveted by the owner.

This cafe, originally was a cycle shop. But in mid 2012 to develop itself into two business units. Stilrod with business store cafe and bloody adaptation of cycle shop. Bloody store that offers merchandise and apparel. While Stilrod Cafe seeded that offer food and beverage services.

With a wide choice of angles , the customer can select a preferred. Corner option is of course to spoil the ' mate ' . It is a term familiar to the visitors Stilrod Cafe . So if you are accosted by the waiter or waitress with the greeting , "Hi , Mate ... . " Do not trigger you stare . Because that's the name familiar to you . Quite unique is not it?

Pre-wedding photos are often held here . Enough contact to Stilrod management , you will be directly connected with the services of pre - wed . Incidentally , this service also handled by the management Stilrod . So no need to be confused anymore seek the services of a pre -wedding photo maker .

There are 48 kinds of food and 59 kinds of drinks are ready to be served . Quite a lot is not it? This course will pamper us . With a variety of menu alternatives in accordance with the ' will ' of our tongue . But remember , the typical British dish remains a trademark know. So , who are accustomed to eating Rujak Cingur or Pecel Lontong , there's nothing wrong with a dish adjust Stilrod Cafe .

Let 's start with an alternative choice in the evening aperitif Stilrod Cafe . 59 kinds of drinks is certainly not a small amount . Therefore there are several recommendations made by the bartender. Among very decent for the mates try is as below. Of course , this is also not set in stone , you know . Because your choice will certainly not the same as the bartender choice [check my picts, please.]

Coffe Latte served in different variants are: cappucinno , Coffee Latte , Flavoured Coffee Latte , Mocha Machiato , Machiato Caramel , Vanilla Affogato and Long Black . All can be served hot or cold . Except for Vanilla Affogato served cold . Each menu has a different taste . However, the distinctive aroma of espresso mixing Stilrod Cafe will be felt . Especially for the hobbyist espresso .

For mates who used to eat with a mini size, you should invite your friends. Three pieces of meat sausage with different materials. Coupled with soft roller potatoes plus special sauce managed to make me shaking his head. Sausage consists of materials chicken, veal and beef that has been marinated in a special material. Each has its suppleness and softness tersndiri. But secured, everything will seem so tempting tongue.

Of course it would not be wrong. Ingredients beef / veal is imported from Australia. This is to meet the standards of the current maturity level in the fuel under certain conditions. Local meat can only meet a level of maturity. While imported beef can be burned with 3 kinds of levels of maturity. Customizing the menu that will be served. Well, very unfocused instead? It's only for a choice of meat. Not to mention for other complementary ingredients and seasonings. Some of them also have to be imported from outside, including the original imported from England.

'Stilrod British Pizza' so a typical Italian cuisine took the name presented. There are several variants of typical Italian cuisine. In Stilrod Cafe called Italian Cuisine. Consists of 8 kinds. But the pizza is recommended by the chef. Well, why not try this pizza?

With nearly square shape is different from Italian pizza. Italian pizza is usually served with a round shape. Likewise, in terms of thickness. Pizza British Stilrod Cafe has a shape that is thin enough. Unlike the Italian pizza is thick. The level of dryness is also different. On the outer side, feels so dry. It will feel 'weird'. But it will not feel strange if you know that this is a uniqueness. Although dry, being part that feels different when combined central part is smooth and soft.

The mates also could try another kind, you know. There Garlic Pizza, Margherita, Tuscany, Stagioni, Formaggi and others. Shapes, flavors, colors will certainly influence the choice of mates. Various variants are created them is to spoil our tongue. If we do not interest with that one, there are many other options.

Scotch Egg . A plate with 4 grains ' Scotch Egg ' feels unworthy if called snack . If called snacks for Caucasians mate is probably reasonable . A ' Scotch Egg ' alone makes us intoxicated . Basic ingredients boiled eggs plus bacon wrapped plus secret ingredients creates an incredible taste . Then these snacks are very worthy of being ' Trending menu of Septembre ' .

Not without reason , you know . I 've tasted it . This rustic tongue instantly fell in love with ' Scotch Egg ' on the first chew . I continued on to the second grain was more tempting . Until I imagine , if I try to bring my wife . Dividing the incomparable taste sensation . Hehehe ....

To further explore ' Scotch Egg ' , I will make a separate article , yes . Let more curious of course .

Date of visit: September 2015

-

-
Value

-
Service
-
Food

Ask nuzulul a about Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

Thank nuzulul a

This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC

SBYcritic
Surabaya, Indonesia
1621
Reviewed 14 June 2013
Great atmosphere, but don't come here for the food

I read about this place in a magazine, lured in by promises of British food. Imagine my bewilderment when only one item on the menu is remotely British: bangers and mash. When you advertise "authentic London food", please, please stick to it. I don't like getting lied to. Researching British cuisine isn't going to take up more time than opening a restaurant, really.

Everything on the menu reeks of Italian cuisine, from pizza to pasta to the main courses. No, putting a dollop of mashed potatoes next to a piece of meat does not make it British. No, putting "bloody" in every other menu item does not make it British. No, fish and chips isn't breaded; please batter the fish. Yes, I like my calamari rings piping hot, not cold in the center, thank you very much. No, I don't like my soda flat.

And one thing has been bugging me since my visit: are they using instant mashed potatoes?! I tasted a strange bitterness in my food, a strange yet familiar bitterness. If my memory serves me right, the bitterness is identical to a brand of instant mashed potatoes I sampled a few months ago. I don't mind waiting a few minutes for you to boil some potatoes. I don't mind eating reheated mashed potatoes made in the morning. But instant mashed potatoes, really? Shame on you. When I'm paying 80k for a dish I don't want cheap instant food.

For that matter, I am curious if the "creme brulee" is just instant custard powder? Obviously they don't use cream. The dessert isn't as creamy as it should be due to the low fat content.

Obviously, the food here is terrible. Come here only for the atmosphere, perhaps to drink with friends. It is quite cozy.

Date of visit: June 2013

Ask SBYcritic about Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

1 Thank SBYcritic

This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC

sugiphang
Surabaya, Indonesia
403216
Reviewed 27 April 2013
London in Surabaya

One thing that I Loves this place is detailing British atmosphere, the flag, phone box, big band, etc. We can capture with many background.

Food was good, price arrange IDR 20-50K
Beverage arrange IDR 15-35K

Recommended

Date of visit: December 2012

-

-
Value
-
Atmosphere

-
Service
-
Food

Ask sugiphang about Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe

2 Thank sugiphang

This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC

PreviousNext
123…5

Updating list...

Travellers who viewed Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe also viewed

Steak Hut Manyar Kertoarjo
Steak Hut Manyar Kertoarjo
1,242 Reviews
Surabaya, East Java
Arumanis Restaurant
Arumanis Restaurant
160 Reviews
Surabaya, East Java

Layar Seafood
Layar Seafood
996 Reviews
Surabaya, East Java
Ayam Bakar Primarasa
Ayam Bakar Primarasa
573 Reviews
Surabaya, East Java

All restaurants in Surabaya (2226)

Been to Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe? Share your experiences!

Write a Review  Add Photos & Videos

Owners: What's your side of the story?

Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.

Claim Your Listing

Viewed restaurants

-     [Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe]    Stilrod Cycling Shop and Cafe
21 Reviews

Browse nearby

Restaurants (2,226) | Hotels (363) | Things to Do (313)

Also show

Hotels

Restaurants

Things to Do

Also show

Map
Satellite
Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info.
Reset zoom
Updating Map...

Return to Map

IDRIDR

New Zealand

© 2020 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementSite MapHow the site works

This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in New Zealand. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more