We noticed that you're using an unsupported browser. The Tripadvisor website may not display properly.We support the following browsers:
Windows: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome. Mac: Safari.

-  Surabaya

-  Surabaya Tourism
-  Surabaya Hotels
-  Surabaya Bed and Breakfast
-  Surabaya Holiday Rentals
-  Surabaya Holiday Packages
-  Flights to Surabaya
-  Surabaya Restaurants
-  Surabaya Attractions
-  Surabaya Travel Forum
-  Surabaya Photos
-  Surabaya Map
-  Surabaya Guide

-

-  All Surabaya Hotels
-  Surabaya Hotel Deals
-  Last Minute Hotels in Surabaya
-   By Hotel Type

-  Surabaya Motels
-  Surabaya Hostels
-  Business Hotels Surabaya
-  Spa Hotels in Surabaya
-  Family Hotels Surabaya
-  Luxury Hotels Surabaya
-  Romantic Hotels Surabaya
-  Surabaya Green Hotels

-   By Hotel Class

-  5-stars Hotels in Surabaya
-  4-stars Hotels in Surabaya
-  3-stars Hotels in Surabaya

-   By Hotel Brand

-  OYO Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels Dafam in Surabaya
-  RedDoorz Hotels in Surabaya
-  Accor Hotels in Surabaya
-  Horison Hotels in Surabaya
-  Harris Hotels in Surabaya
-  POP! Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels Santika in Surabaya
-  Four Points by Sheraton Hotels in Surabaya
-  Amaris Hotels in Surabaya
-  Marriott Hotels in Surabaya

-   Popular Amenities

-  Surabaya Hotels with a Pool
-  Surabaya Hotels with Parking

-   Popular Surabaya Categories

-  Surabaya All Inclusive Spa Hotels
-  Surabaya Hot Tub Suite Hotels
-  All Inclusive Hotels in Surabaya
-  Hotels with Hot Tubs in Surabaya
-  Luxury Spa Hotels Surabaya
-  Quiet Hotels in Surabaya
-  Surabaya Suite Hotels
-  Unique Hotels in Surabaya
-  Wedding Hotels Surabaya

-   Near Landmarks

-  Hotels near Sampoerna Museum
-  Hotels near Suramadu National Bridge
-  Hotels near Bungkul Park
-  Hotels near Monkasel (Submarine Monument)
-  Hotels near Tugu Pahlawan
-  Hotels near Masjid Nasional Al Akbar
-  Hotels near Surabaya's Zoo
-  Hotels near Suroboyo Monument
-  Hotels near Pakuwon Food Festival
-  Hotels near Ampel Mosque

Skip to main content

Tripadvisor

Post
Alerts
Trips
Sign in

Inbox See all

Log in to get trip updates and message other travellers.

- Surabaya
- Hotels
- Things to do
- Restaurants
- Flights
- Holiday Rentals
- Shopping
- Holiday Packages
- Cruises
- Car Hire
- Travel Forum
- Airlines
- Travel Guides
- Best of 2020
- Help Centre

-

Excelso sampler - Picture of Excelso Cafe, Surabaya

- Asia
- Indonesia
- Java
- East Java
- Surabaya
- Surabaya Restaurants
- Excelso Cafe Pictures

Search

Photo: Excelso sampler

From Review:  Kafe favorit keluarga of Excelso Cafe

Excelso Cafe
See all 40 reviews

40 Reviews
#207 of 2,205 Coffee & Tea in Surabaya  Jl. Gubeng Pojok No. 1 / Walikota Mustajab, Gubeng | Grand City, Level 1, Surabaya, Indonesia

Other Recent Reviews
“Just OK!” 14/10/2019
“Comfortable Coffee and Snacking Pl...” 16/12/2018
Read all 40 reviews

[Excelso sampler]

[Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy. ]

[Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy. ]

[Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy. ]

[Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy. ]

[Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy. ]

Excelso sampler
Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy.
Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy.
Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy.
Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy.
Coffee time with my friend meeting with avocado coffee and cappuccino Hot no sugar. Yummy.  /LocationPhotoDirectLink-g297715-d6488331-i467298385-Excelso_Cafe-Surabaya_East_Java_Java.html

liemsiula...
Surabaya, Indonesia
Level 6  Contributor
318 reviews
173 restaurant reviews
[common_n_restaurant_reviews_1bd8]  159 helpful votes
/ShowUserReviews-g297715-d6488331-r262064633-Excelso_Cafe-Surabaya_East_Java_Java.html#REVIEWS
Reviewed 27 March 2015
[Google Translation]

More
Helpful?
2 Thank liemsiulan

Been to Excelso Cafe? Share your experience!
Write a Review  Add Photo
See all 40 reviews of Excelso Cafe

IDRIDR

Ireland

© 2020 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementCookie consentSite MapHow the site works

This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in Ireland. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more

This site uses cookies to improve your experience, to enhance site security and to show you personalised advertising. Click here to learn more or control your settings. By clicking on or navigating the site, you agree to our use of cookies.