Skip to content

logo-monas3

- Tours

- 3D2N Surabaya Heritage City Tour
- 4D3N Surabaya Mount Bromo Sunrise & Malang Tour
- 4D3N Surabaya, Mount Bromo & Ijen Crater Tour
- 4D3N Surabaya & Mount Semeru Trekking Tour
- 5D4N Surabaya, Ijen Crater, Banyuwangi Sukamade Turtle Beach Tour

- Car Rental
- Places

- Surabaya
- Pasuruan
- Banyuwangi
- Batu

- Attractions

- Mount Bromo
- Ijen Crater
- House of Sampoerna

- Hotels

- Surabaya Hotels
- Pasuruan Hotels
- Banyuwangi Hotels
- Batu Hotels

- Guides & Tips
- Contact Us

7 Recommended Surabaya Cafes to Hang Out and Drink Coffee

Food & Drinks | Surabaya Travel Agency | Mar 1, 2018 | Last Updated Nov 16, 2018

Search this Website

7 Recommended Surabaya Cafes to Hang Out and Drink Coffee

If you cannot live without coffee, Surabaya has a large selection of places to cure your caffeine cravings! These 7 recommended Surabaya cafes not only serve quality coffee but are picturesque spaces to enjoy your caffeinated beverages – you definitely wouldn’t want to miss visit these cafes on your next trip to Surabaya.

1. BlackBarn Coffee

Flanked by two other cafes, this cafe is usually packed with people and it’s not difficult to see why! Its distinctive rustic interior lends a laidback vibe that is perfect for a relaxed afternoon sipping a cup of coffee.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Blackbarn coffee 2]

Instagram @blackbarncoffee

With visible Dutch influences, this space has been remodeled into a modern cafe with spacious indoor and outdoor seating. Blackbarn’s black-and-white minimalist concept is a hit with customers, along with their affordable coffee, excellent wifi speed and fantastic choice of music. One of our top recommended Surabaya cafes!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Blackbarn coffee]

Instagram @blackbarncoffee

Address: Jalan Untung Suropati No.79, Tegalsari, DR. Soetomo, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60264, Indonesia

---------------------------------------------------------------

2. Redback Specialty Coffee

Redback’s second branch was launched amid much fanfare in early 2017 and it didn’t take long before it was a hit with locals who were already accustomed to the cafe’s tasty pastry and coffee menu.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Redback specialty coffee 1]

Instagram @redbackcoffee_indo

Located in a residential area in West Surabaya, this modern cafe with indoor and outdoor seating, overlooks a golf course! Armed with a beautiful view and a tasteful interior designed in black and blue, the cafe’s warm ambience is great for meetings, an afternoon out with friends, or catching up on some reading over coffee and croissant.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Redback specialty coffee 2]

Instagram @redbackcoffee_indo

Ask anyone you know in the city for a recommended Surabaya cafe and 8 out of 10 will recommend this one.

Address: Jalan Raya Darmo Permai Selatan III, Pradah Kali Kendal, Dukuh Pakis, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60226, Indonesia

---------------------------------------------------------------

3. Thirty Three Brew

One of the coolest coffee places in Surabaya, this cafe is owned by Tyo Tanaka, who is not only a coffee enthusiast but dog owner, having held a regular event called Coffee & Dog at Thirty Three Brew, bringing coffee- and dog-lovers together.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_thirty three brew 1]

Instagram @thirty3brew

Enter Thirty Three Brew and the fragrant aroma of coffee fills the cafe. Choose from a selection of lattes, cappuccino, americano and espresso, and don’t forget to take a selfie at the many fashionable nooks around the space that are so Instagram-worthy! One of the top recommended surabaya cafes for its coffee variety and beautiful surrounding.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_thirty three brew 2]

Instagram @thirty3brew

Address: Jalan Opak No. 45, Darmo, Wonokromo, Gubeng, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60241, Indonesia

---------------------------------------------------------------

4. Kabinet Coffee Co.

Kabinet Coffee Co. promises the best quality Indonesian coffee brewed to excellence with beans specially from Papua, East Indonesia. But what makes this cafe special is its community initiative to help farmers in Papua, and the industrial warehouse-styled design of its cafe that has two storeys of seating space.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Kabinet Coffee 1]

Instagram @kabinetcoffee

With 5 different brewing methods, the baristas here take pride in giving customers the best coffee experience. Order their delicious Organic Arabica Coffee Scrub with Shea Butter while you take in the smells of roasted coffee in this cosy cafe.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Kabinet Coffee 2]

Instagram @kabinetcoffee

Address: Pakuwon Square AK 2 No.26, Jl. Yono Soewoyo, Lidah Wetan, Lakarsantri, Surabaya

---------------------------------------------------------------

5. Caturra Espresso

A specialty coffee shop, this cafe is famous for its wide variety of coffee beverages that is made using both automatic and manual brew methods. Along with their MSG-free food cooked with Western-infused authentic flavours, Caturra Espresso also runs workshops for you to learn how to make coffee!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Caturra espresso 1]

Instagram @caturraespresso

It won’t be long before you fall in love with Caturra Espresso’s simplistic black-and-white interior and large glass windows that provide lots of natural light for that perfect #foodstagram picture!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Caturra espresso 2]

Instagram @caturraespresso

Address: Jalan Anjasmoro No.32, Sawahan, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60251, Indonesia

---------------------------------------------------------------

6. Communal Coffee & Eatery

Entering this cafe, you’ll be wowed by its attractive design and mural-covered walls that adds just a touch of fun and quirkiness.

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Communal Coffee & Eatery 1]

Instagram @communal.sby

A bustling cafe that’s popular with locals, this two-storey building has a different vibe on the upper floor, which is filled with more greenery to give a rustic and cosy ambience. Communal Coffee & Eatery serves a variety of beverages from coffee to ice blends, and western dishes and snacks that will have you coming back for more!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Communal coffee 2]

Instagram @communal.sby

---------------------------------------------------------------

7. Titik Koma Coffee

A relatively new cafe on the block, Titik Koma opened in June of 2016 and have garnered a loyal following since then from coffee-lovers. With white walls and minimalistic touches, it’s no wonder that people flock to this cafe. Chill out, have a taste of Titik Koma’s top-grade single-origin brewed coffee and take aesthetically-pleasing photos around the cafe!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Titik Koma 1]

Instagram @titikkomacoffee

We’re certain the calm atmosphere and sophisticated, modern interior will make you not want to leave your seat, except to grab a book or magazine that’s available in the store, or to get more of their delicious coffee!

[7 recommended Surabaya cafes to hang out and drink coffee_Titik Koma 2]

Instagram @titikkomacoffee

---------------------------------------------------------------

If you’re into a more immersive and insightful experience where you can interact with the locals, consider learning some basic Indonesian. You can go for a Bahasa Indonesia Course in Singapore or a Bahasa Indonesia Class in Singapore at Learn Indonesian Hub.

Recent Posts

-  7 Unique Day Trips from Surabaya Few People Know
-  Top 5 Unique Surabaya Resorts and East Java Accommodations
-  7 Best Surabaya city hotels near Tunjungan Plaza Mall (4 & 5-stars)
-  7 Recommended Surabaya Cafes to Hang Out and Drink Coffee
-  6 East Java, Surabaya Mountain Trekking and Hiking Trails

ENQUIRE WITH US

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

Sponsored

Post navigation

← 6 Best Surabaya Restaurants and Food You Must Try

ABOUT AUTHOR

Surabaya Travel Agency

We are one of the best Surabaya Travel Agency. As a Surabaya expert, we focus on providing tour and transportation services for domestic and international travellers coming to Surabaya and East Java, Indonesia.

About Us

We are the Indonesia's No. 1 Surabaya Travel Agency. As a Surabaya expert, we focus on providing tour and transportation services for domestic and international travellers coming to Surabaya and East Java, Indonesia

Get In Touch!

#
enquiry@surabayatravelagency.com

Our Travel Partners

https://medantravelagency.com
Travel to Medan Indonesia
https://yogyakartatravelagency.com
Travel to Yogyakarta Indonesia
https://bandungtravelagency.com
Travel to Bandung Indonesia
https://bintangetaway.com
Travel to Bintan Island Indonesia
https://www.batamgetaway.com
Travel to Batam Island Indonesia

- Sitemap

© 2017-2019 SurabayaTravelAgency.com. All Rights Reserved. Powered by King Hospitality