Boga Group Logo

-   en
-   id

-  Home
-  Corporate profile
-  News & events
-  Contact
-  Career
-  Our Brand

-  Facebook
-  Instagram
-  Youtube
-  Twitter

Boga Group

Green Lake City CBD Blok J 001 - 006
Ketapang, Cipondoh
Tangerang 15147 Indonesia

Email : marketingboga@boga.co.id
Phone : +6221-29725559
Fax : +6221-29725559
www.boga.id

Serving With Heart

s c r o l l

Company Overview.

By early 2018, Boga Group operates 154 restaurants with more than 5.000 highly trained employees, and the number of outlets is expected to become 180 by the end of 2018.

This rapid expansion is thanks to the group’s commitment to use only high quality ingredients coupled with exceptional service. These two characteristics distinguish Boga Group from the rest of the industry, and drive each of its restaurant brands to understand and fulfill customers’ expectations through memorable dining sensations.
Boga Group’s restaurants currently include 15 Bakerzin, 52 Pepper Lunch, 7 Paradise Dynasty, 1 Paradise Inn, 1 Master Wok, 20 Shaburi, 11 Kintan Buffet and 2 Onokabe outlets, with more opening in 2018. These restaurants are spread across Jakarta, Bandung, Surabaya, Yogyakarta, Medan, Batam, Pekanbaru, Balikpapan, Palembang, Makassar, Samarinda, Manado, and Bali. To cater to corporate and personal events, Boga Group also established a premium catering service, known as Boga Catering.

Boga Group’s food and beverage business has grown exponentially every year, with a 10% year-on-year sales growth in 2016 translating to an annual revenue of USD 150 million. With this growth rate, Boga Group will remain as one of the giants in the Indonesian F&B Industry.

Nudles

[Nudles]

With a cheerfully decorated interior atmosphere, Nudles is home to musttry dishes that make dining so much fun, such as the theatrically-presented ‘Very Important Prawn (VIP)’, the ‘Coal Me Maybe’ cold charcoal noodle, and the all-time favourite ‘Bat...
read more

Pish & Posh

[Pish & Posh]

Diners can enjoy low-calorie Superfood Bowls, freshly prepared Poke Bowls, and a range of Salad dishes in a chilling, relaxing, and green interior that makes them feel like they are in a fresh garden. This makes Pish and Posh a great place for after-...
read more

Master Wok.

[Master Wok.]

Its hip and contemporary décor gives a Chinese food market atmosphere, while making the dishes look much more mouth-watering.
read more

Paradise Inn.

[Paradise Inn.]

Paradise Inn truly evokes a sense of historical romanticism with its look, which includes traditional Chinese lanterns and red cushioned adorned stools. Take yourself back to the golden days of the orient and all its culinary glory.
read more

Paradise Dynasty.

[Paradise Dynasty.]

Renowned for an array of best-selling signature dishes such as eight uniquely-flavoured Xiao Long Bao and Pork Bone La Mian soup, Paradise Dynasty lets diners rediscover the love for Chinese food through this authentic dining experience.
read more

Kimukatsu.

[Kimukatsu.]

Kimukatsu have frequently been featured in popular Japanese magazines and TV shows, making Kimukatsu the hottest restaurant to go, and now we’re bringing this popular restaurant to Indonesia. To eat at Kimukatsu is to have a different dining experien...
read more

Kintan Buffet.

[Kintan Buffet.]

Through signature dishes like this, Kintan serves high Japanese standards of taste, healthiness, and freshness enjoyable at reasonable prices.
read more

Shaburi.

[Shaburi.]

Shaburi delivers the best that Japanese cuisine has to offer. There is a worldwide distinctive wonderful food culture, even look, we also have received high praise from foreign countries.
read more

Pepper Lunch.

[Pepper Lunch.]

For food courts, Pepper Lunch offers this personalized experience in a more compact and flexible format, with the Pepper Lunch Express brand.
read more

Boga Catering.

[Boga Catering.]

Boga Catering offers solution for your events, from formal event like corporate meeting to sweet moment like wedding reception. We provide a wide range of meal, snack box and petite box.
read more

Onokabe.

[Onokabe.]

Besides experimenting with different cooking styles, diners can also pamper themselves with in-house facilities like the reflexology corner, perhaps play a game of foosball or have more quality time with their kids in the entertainment arena, where W...
read more

Putu Made.

[Putu Made.]

Home to Bali’s timeless dishes, diners can find the best-selling classic Bebek Betutu (whole Duck cooked with rich betutu spice), grill specialties with smoky sweet coconut husk aroma, and a wide range of appetizers and desserts unique to the island ...
read more

Bakerzin

[Bakerzin]

Serves a range of fabulous bakery recipes and succulent meals to indulge oneself in. Eating out at Bakerzin is at casual dining sensation that can't be matched anywhere else.
read more         [Boga App]

MOBILE APP

One app to rule them all: rewards, points, vouchers, and more. Specially created for our customers!

Download now and get initial vouchers up to IDR 400.000 for MyBoga Loyalty Program member.

App Store
Google Play     Boga Group

-  Home
-  Corporate profile
-  News & events
-  Contact
-  Career
-  Our Brand

join our newsletter

Submit

-  twitter
-  facebook
-  youtube
-  instagram

Boga Group

Green Lake City CBD Blok J 001 - 006 Ketapang, Cipondoh Tangerang 15147 Indonesia

Email : marketingboga@boga.co.id Phone : +6221-29725559 Fax : +6221-29725559 www.boga.id

CHAT VIA WHATSAPP

© 2020. Boga Group.

All Rights Reserved. Website by Fléava