Books and Journals Case Studies Expert Briefings Open Access

Advanced search

Surabaya Zoo: a social enterprise on the cross road

Aluisius Hery Pratono  (University of Surabaya)
Mario Antonio Lopez  (Asian Institute of Management)
Ruswiati Surya Saputra  (University Utara Malaysia)

Emerald Emerging Markets Case Studies

ISSN: 2045-0621

Publication date: 14 July 2014

-  Case
-  Teaching notes

Abstract

Subject area

This case extends existing social enterprise theory about how an organization balances its mixed goals: financial, social and conservation. Both growing demand and management transition bought about the challenging issue of sustainability.

Study level/applicability

The authors have applied the case for undergraduate and postgraduate programs.

Case overview

The central protagonist is Mr Samson, a local authority who has to make a decision on whether he should approve or reject the budget with aims to take over the Surabaya Zoo. This is about debate whether conservation social-enterprise should involve human intervention or follow the natural path.

Expected learning outcomes

This case introduces some concepts and implementations about social enterprise and public policy. For the undergraduate program, the case is designed to introduce the concept of social enterprise and public policy. For the postgraduate program, the students are encouraged to enhance their analysis through conducting feasibility studies including financial sustainability and ethical analysis.

Supplementary materials

Teaching notes are available for educators only. Please contact your library to gain login details or email support@emeraldinsight.com to request teaching notes.

Keywords

-  Public policy
-  Firm performance
-  Social enterprise
-  Conservation ethics

Acknowledgements

Disclaimer. This case is written solely for educational purposes and is not intended to represent successful or unsuccessful managerial decision making. The author’s may have disguised names; financial and other recognizable information to protect confidentiality.

Citation

Pratono, A.H., Lopez, M.A. and Saputra, R.S. (2014), "Surabaya Zoo: a social enterprise on the cross road", Emerald Emerging Markets Case Studies, Vol. 4 No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1108/EEMCS-09-2013-0183

Download as .RIS

Publisher

:

Emerald Group Publishing Limited

Copyright © 2014, Emerald Group Publishing Limited

Teaching notes

You do not currently have access to these teaching notes. Teaching notes are available for teaching faculty at subscribing institutions. Teaching notes accompany case studies with suggested learning objectives, classroom methods and potential assignment questions. They support dynamic classroom discussion to help develop student's analytical skills.

Please note you do not have access to teaching notes

You may be able to access teaching notes by logging in via Shibboleth, Open Athens or with your Emerald Account.
Login
If you think you should have access to this content, click the button to contact our support team.
Contact us

To read the full version of this content please select one of the options below

You may be able to access this content by logging in via Shibboleth, Open Athens or with your Emerald Account.
Login
If you think you should have access to this content, click the button to contact our support team.
Contact us      [Emerald Publishing]

- Opens in new window
- Opens in new window
- Opens in new window
- Opens in new window

© 2020 Emerald Publishing Limited

Services

- Authors Opens in new window
- Editors Opens in new window
- Librarians Opens in new window
- Researchers Opens in new window
- Reviewers Opens in new window

About

- About Emerald Opens in new window
- Working for Emerald Opens in new window
- Contact us Opens in new window
- Publication Sitemap

Policies and information

- Privacy notice
- Site policies
- Modern Slavery Act Opens in new window
- Chair of Trustees governance statement Opens in new window
- COVID-19 policy Opens in new window

×

Support & Feedback  Manage cookies

We’re listening — tell us what you think

-

Something didn’t work…

Report bugs here

-

All feedback is valuable

Please share your general feedback

-

Member of Emerald Engage?

You can join in the discussion by joining the community or logging in here.
You can also find out more about Emerald Engage.

Join us on our journey

-

Platform update page

Visit emeraldpublishing.com/platformupdate to discover the latest news and updates

-

Questions & More Information

Answers to the most commonly asked questions here